1384695420
AboutController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/about_controller.rb	class AboutController 
AboutHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/about_helper.rb	module AboutHelper
Ad	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/ad.rb	class Ad 
AdsController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	class AdsController 
AdsHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/ads_helper.rb	module AdsHelper
Answer	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/answer.rb	class Answer 
AnswersController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	class AnswersController 
AnswersHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/answers_helper.rb	module AnswersHelper
ApplicationController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
ErrorsController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/errors_controller.rb	class ErrorsController 
ErrorsHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/errors_helper.rb	module ErrorsHelper
HelpController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/help_controller.rb	class HelpController 
HelpHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/help_helper.rb	module HelpHelper
Note	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	class Note 
NotesController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	class NotesController 
NotesHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/notes_helper.rb	module NotesHelper
Review	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/review.rb	class Review 
ReviewsController	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	class ReviewsController 
ReviewsHelper	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/reviews_helper.rb	module ReviewsHelper
User	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/user.rb	class User 
ad_params	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def ad_params
answer_params	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def answer_params
check_if_marked	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	  def check_if_marked(note_id, user_id)
coderay	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def coderay(text)
configure_permitted_parameters	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def configure_permitted_parameters
count_marked_to_review	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/reviews_helper.rb	  def count_marked_to_review(note_id)
create	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def edit
find_all_ads	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/ad.rb	  def self.find_all_ads(current_page)
find_all_answers	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/answer.rb	  def self.find_all_answers
find_all_notes	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	  def self.find_all_notes(current_page)
find_all_reviews	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/review.rb	  def self.find_all_reviews(current_page, user_id)
find_all_unanswered	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	  def self.find_all_unanswered(current_page)
find_by_tag	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	  def self.find_by_tag(tag_name, current_page)
find_by_tag	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/ad.rb	  def self.find_by_tag(tag_name, current_page)
find_by_user	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	  def self.find_by_user(user_id, current_page)
find_marked_by_user	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	  def self.find_marked_by_user(user_id, current_page)
find_private	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	  def self.find_private(current_page)
full_text_search	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/note.rb	  def self.full_text_search(query, current_page)
full_text_search	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/ad.rb	  def self.full_text_search(query, current_page)
get_marked_to_review	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/reviews_helper.rb	  def get_marked_to_review(note_id, user_id)
get_tagged_ads	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def get_tagged_ads
get_tagged_notes	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def get_tagged_notes
get_unanswered_notes	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def get_unanswered_notes
get_user	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def get_user(user_id)
get_user_name	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def get_user_name(user_id)
get_user_name_email	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def get_user_name_email(user_id)
get_user_notes	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def get_user_notes
index	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/about_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/errors_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/help_controller.rb	  def index
limit_code_type	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def limit_code_type(code_type)
mark_to_review	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	  def mark_to_review
markdownText	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def markdownText(text)
name_to_id	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/models/user.rb	  def self.name_to_id(username)
new	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def new
note_params	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def note_params
review_params	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	  def review_params
save_or_clear_session	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def save_or_clear_session
show	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def show
syntax_highlighter	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def syntax_highlighter(html)
title	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title(page_title)
unescape	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def unescape(content)
unmark_review	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	  def unmark_review
update	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/ads_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/answers_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/jaelee/Projects/Rails/eileensnotes/app/controllers/notes_controller.rb	  def update
